♪ I swam all
around the world ♪
♪ I've seen this ocean
on my own ♪
♪ And then I found
my way to Reeftown ♪
♪ And I knew that
I'd found my home ♪
♪ I met my friend
Bubbles here ♪
♪ Our friendship
is the best ♪
[all]
♪ Oh, dive in ♪
- ♪ Splash and Bubbles ♪
- ♪ Dive in ♪
[all] ♪ We're making friends
in the ocean ♪
♪ Come along with us
and see it all ♪
♪ With pals
like Dunk and Ripple ♪
♪ We'll explore
this world together ♪
[both] ♪ When you share
adventures with your friends ♪
♪ It makes them
so much better ♪
[all] ♪ Oh, dive in,
Splash and Bubbles ♪
- ♪ Dive in ♪
- [all] ♪ We're making friends
in the ocean ♪
♪ In this world
beyond belief ♪
[all] ♪ Come see
the greatest reef ♪
♪ Oh, dive in,
Splash and Bubbles ♪
- ♪ Dive in ♪
- [all] ♪ Start making friends
in the ocean ♪
♪ Come along with us,
dive right in ♪
♪ Da da da da da ♪
And here we are
in Pebble Place,
where I live with my friends
Splash, Dunk, and Ripple.
[giggles]
Isn't it nice?
[gasps softly]
I'm glad you like it.
Now, let me show you
where I sleep. [giggles]
Uh, hey, guys, uh, is Bubbles
talking to someone?
Yeah, but who?
I don't see anyone.
Yeah. Me either.
Uh, come on.
Ta-da!
So that's the end of my tour!
Except you still have to meet
my friends and--
[gasps] Here you all are.
- Hi.
- Perfect!
Splash, Dunk, Ripple?
Meet my friend Nan.
- Uhh, hi.
- Who?
Oh, don't worry.
She can be a bit shy.
But she's very friendly.
Uh, I'm sure she is--
Oh, oh, Dunk!
Be careful.
- Huh?
- You almost bumped into her.
Uh, are you okay, Nan?
Oh, heh.
Pardon me, uh...
Uh,
where exactly is Nan?
Just, you know,
so we don't bump her.
Well, she's-- she's right here.
I think.
There?
Well, yeah.
Or maybe over there.
Or there. [chuckles]
Anyway, isn't she something?
Ah, she is something.
[laughs nervously]
The question is, uh, what?
Oh, she's nanoplankton.
Do you get it? Nan!
Nanoplankton!
[all laugh nervously]
No, no, no, I'm sorry.
I have to admit
I don't see anyone.
None of us can.
She's nanoplankton.
What's nanoplankton again?
Oh, nanoplankton
is all this living stuff
floating around in the ocean
that is too small for us to see.
[laughs]
Flo told me about it.
So let me get this straight.
Uh, your new friend Nan...
Yes?
Who's too small for
any of us to see...
Right...
Is one of the millions
of tiny creatures
floating around the ocean
called "nanoplankton"?
[gasps] Perfect!
I knew you guys
would understand.
Well, to be completely honest,
I-I don't understand yet,
but, well, if Nan
is a friend of yours,
she's a friend of mine, too.
- Me too.
- Me three!
Ha, ha!
Come on, Nan!
You can hang with us.
Yeah!
Whoo-hoo!
♪ Do do doo do do,
do do do ♪
♪ Hanging with friends
on the continental shelf ♪
♪ Shake a fin, swim on in,
and tell us about yourself ♪
I'm Splash, a fusilier.
You know I'm mobile.
♪ I really love to explore ♪
I'm going global.
Bubbles, that's me!
I'm a mandarin dragonet.
Do I like stuff
that's gross and gooey?
You bet!
♪ Hanging with friends
from near and far ♪
♪ Time to shine,
friend of mine ♪
♪ Tell us who you are ♪
I'm the artist known as Dunk.
That's one talent I got.
♪ I'm a pufferfish
and I know a lot about a lot ♪
Ripple, I'm a seahorse.
♪ I work well with others ♪
♪ That's 'cause
I have 499 brothers ♪
♪ Hanging with friends,
we love to explore ♪
we're always looking for more ♪
♪ When we get together,
the fun never ends ♪
♪ 'Cause nothing is better ♪
♪ Than hanging with friends ♪
♪ Do do doo do do,
do do do ♪
[laughter,
all sigh contentedly]
Thanks, guys.
It really means a lot to me,
you being so nice to Nan.
Aw, of course.
Now let's go play.
Who wants to race down
the slide at Dorsal Park?
- Ooh!
- Me, me!
- I do!
- Me, me, me, me!
[laughter]
Be careful, watch out for Nan!
Wha-- oh.
Oh, right.
Okay, um...
Where is she again?
Um, somewhere.
Whoooo-haa!
[giggling]
Whoa!
Ahhh!
Whoaaa!
Whoa!
Yeah!
[laughing]
Whoa!
[giggling]
Whoa-ohh-ohh!
Guess who's here?
Splash the fusilier!
Whoo-hoo-hoo!
Whoa-ohh-ohh!
Aw, yeah.
My turn!
Oh, wait!
It's Nan's turn.
Oh. Okay.
Go ahead.
Okay, come on down, Nan.
- Uh...
- Uh, okay, my turn next.
Get ready for
"Dunk's Slide Supreme"!
Wait, no, no, Dunk.
Nan hasn't gone yet.
Um, maybe you can say something
encouraging to her?
Uh, go ahead, Nan.
You can do it.
Uh...
maybe one more thing.
Um...
I know you're really little
and this slide is big,
but you're a tough,
brave nanoplankton, right?
Aw, that was nice of him.
Yeah. [giggles]
Uh...
Is she coming down now?
Uh, uh, yep!
She's coming!
Hey, hey, cheer for her!
Okay, sure, yeah.
[all cheering]
All right!
Yeah!
Is it my turn now?
She's--
she's still going, yeah.
Oh. [sighs]
- Follow me, everybody!
- Okey-doke!
We are right behind you,
Splash!
Oh, boy.
Nan, you're good at this.
Now swim like this!
[all shouting]
Glide, glide!
[laughter]
Oh, you guys
are good at that.
Okay, now it's Nan's
turn to be leader.
Okay?
Everyone line up behind Nan.
Um...
Okay.
All ready?
Sure.
Okay, and go!
Whoa, okay!
Ahh!
You guys, she's over here!
[all chattering]
Wait, nope.
She's right down there.
- Oh, down there.
- Oh, okay.
Where?
What?
Oh, wait, she's right here!
No, she was, really?
I think I see her.
Argh!
Oh, gosh, Nan, they keep
swimming in the wrong direction.
Isn't that funny?
- I'm not--
- this is impossible!
Uh, hide and seek?
Are-- are you sure about this?
Why not?
It's Nan's favorite game.
Okay, we'll try.
- Did you hear that, Nan?
- Yeah.
[giggles]
Well, we found everyone.
Except Nan.
- Yeah.
- Where could she be?
I don't know.
Uh... [gasps]
Hey, there she is!
[laughs]
She's not there.
[together] Oh. Uh...
Let's see, uh-- oh!
There she is!
Ah, nope.
Okay, uh, well, uh,
then... [gasps]
There she is!
- Oh!
- [laughs]
Silly, she's right here.
Wha-- has she been
there the whole time?
You betcha.
[sighs]
I just don't get it.
Playing with nanoplankton
is hard.
Mm-hmm.
Hey, maybe Flo
will help us understand.
- Let's go find her.
- Oh, okay.
- Okay.
- Come on, Nan.
[Splash] Flo!
Ah, well, she's gotta be
around here somewhere,
- Flo?
- Uh, Flo?
Oh, there she is.
- Oh. Oh, hi, Flo!
- Hi, Flo!
Hi, kids.
- [together] Hi, Flo!
- What can I do for you?
Well, I was hoping you can
help everyone understand
about my friend Nan.
She's a nanoplankton,
and no one can see her.
Ah, yes,
that can be a challenge.
Well, we were kind of
wondering,
uh, is she real,
or is she pretend?
Ha!
Not only is Nan real,
but nanoplankton
is all around us.
There is a whole world in
every drop of water, in fact.
And why can't we
see them, again?
It's because
we're so much bigger.
Now, if we were
to shrink ourselves
really, really tiny,
we could see nanoplankton,
and all kinds of tiny
creatures and plants,
all around us.
That's hard to imagine.
Imagining other creatures
and how they might feel
is very important.
And that's what Bubbles is doing
by being friends with Nan.
Wow, I never
thought of it that way.
Friendship isn't about size
anyway, right, guys?
- [laughs] Right!
- Right.
A friend is a friend no matter
how big or how small.
- Yeah!
- [all laugh and cheer]
[upbeat music]
♪ Only in the ocean ♪
♪ There's so much to see ♪
[both] ♪ Can you believe
all the wonders we saw? ♪
[both]
♪ The colors and life ♪
♪ Brought such amazement
and awe ♪
♪ Every day
there's more surprise ♪
♪ In this world that we find ♪
♪ Only in the ocean ♪
So much to see!
Well, I do wish that we
could see Nan, though.
Yeah. Hey-- hey, Nan?
Where'd you go?
Uh, Bubbles, you know,
it's really okay if you're just
pretending you can see Nan.
We-- we know none of us
can ever see her.
She's not here, but I know
she's here somewhere.
But if you can't see her,
how do you know?
Well, because
I can just feel it.
Well, maybe she left.
No, she wouldn't have left
without saying goodbye.
Well, I wish we could
help you look for her.
But we wouldn't even
know where to start.
Yeah, I mean, Nan
could be anywhere,
right here in Pebble Place,
or anywhere--
[gasps] I see her!
I see Nan!
You can't really see
nanoplankton, right?
I see her!
You can--really?
Really and truly, I see Nan.
Wha-- that dot
of light is Nan?
Mm-hmm, yeah.
She must be bioluminescent
'cause she can light up
in the dark.
So we can see her
in this dark cave.
Wow, she's small,
but she sure does shine.
Oh, it's great to finally
see you, Nan.
Yeah, nice to know
you're real.
I knew it all along.
- Yeah.
- [giggles]
Aw, Nan.
Aww.
Aww, I tell ya,
a place for everything,
and everything in its place.
Ahh, Tidy, old boy,
you've got it all
figured out.
- [upbeat music]
- ♪ Ooh ♪
♪ This goes here,
that goes there ♪
♪ Don't put things
just anywhere ♪
♪ Move this out ♪
♪ Nudge that over
just a little bit ♪
♪ I like to see things
in their place ♪
♪ I'm working at a steady pace,
pick these up ♪
♪ Put those down,
oh, that's it ♪
- ♪ Ooh, ooh ♪
- ♪ You gotta remember to ♪
♪ Keep it clean,
keep it clean ♪
♪ Nice and lush,
blue and green ♪
♪ Keep each thing
where it belongs ♪
♪ You really can't go wrong ♪
♪ Don't you ever leave a mess ♪
♪ Always do your very best ♪
♪ To take care of our world ♪
♪ And keep it cle-e-an ♪
♪ I'll show you
how to do your duty ♪
- ♪ Duty ♪
- ♪ Keeping this ♪
♪ A place of beauty ♪
♪ This world has wonder
all around it ♪
♪ So when you leave ♪
♪ Please leave it
as you found it
♪ Keep it clean,
keep it clean ♪
♪ Nice and lush,
blue and green ♪
♪ Keep each thing
where it belongs ♪
♪ You really can't go wrong ♪
♪ Don't you ever leave a mess ♪
♪ Always do your very best ♪
♪ To take care of our world ♪
♪ And keep it cle-e-an ♪
Keep it clean, I'm begging you.
That's all I'm asking for.
Ah.
[muffled]
Oh, this please is a mess.
[all] Reeftown Rangers
reporting for fun!
[laughs] Well, hey there,
Reeftown Rangers.
[all] Uh...
Is everything okay, Tidy?
You're awfully happy to see us.
Ha, ha!
Of course!
Welcoming you to the kelp
forest, that's it.
Uh, yes,
but usually you remind us
to wipe our fins first.
And to keep our pebbles
and shells off the algae bed.
Yeah, and to have
a tidy day.
Well, today I have
something else on my mind!
Well, since you're all
bursting to know, I'll tell you.
I've decided that
I'm ready to find...
Mrs. Tidy.
- Huh? Huh?
- [Ripple] Oh. Mrs. Tidy?
Yeah, that's right!
Well, who's Mrs. Tidy?
Well, uh, I don't know yet.
But, uh, that's exactly
what we're gonna find out.
When is she coming?
Well, you don't just
find Mrs. Tidy
under any kelp leaf
in the forest.
You have to get everything ready
first and hope she finds you.
Oh, well,
how do you get ready?
Well, lots of ways.
Take this algae bed,
for instance.
Have you guys ever wondered
why I keep it so clean
and tend to all this
red algae?
Well, we thought maybe you
really, really,
really liked to clean.
Yeah, and you really, really,
really like red algae.
[chuckles]
Well, good guesses, kids.
But there's another reason.
It's to create a place
for a female garibaldi fish.
But Tidy, why do
female garibaldi fish
- like these things?
- Yeah.
Well, it has to do
with the way Mrs. Tidy
will want her nest to look,
so she'll want to lay eggs
there one day.
How will you find her?
Mm, there's no easy answer.
We're gonna need some hope,
some faith,
and some of these moves.
Watch this! Whoa-ho!
Ooh, wow!
Yeah!
Why are you swimming
like that?
Oh, you mean these moves?
Well, that's how I signal
to the future Mrs. Tidy
that I'm here.
So she's gonna see you?
That's the idea!
But what if she's
too far away?
[gasps] What if she
can't see the algae bed?
Well, then I guess
I'll just have
to keep swimming
like this forever.
[all gasp]
[laughs] I'm kidding,
I'm kidding.
[all chuckle]
Oh boy,
you got us there, Tidy.
She'll find me.
I hope...
Oh, we have
to help Tidy.
Hmm? He'll be okay.
He has a plan, remember?
But his plan is just
to clean the algae bed
and swim like that.
If he doesn't find Mrs. Tidy,
he'll be doing all that
cleaning for nothing.
That's true.
He does clean a lot.
What do you think
we should do?
Hmm, uh... [gasps]
Here's the plan.
We're gonna help look
for Mrs. Tidy.
- [all] Huh?
- But how?
Yeah, we don't know
anything about her.
Well, we do know a bit.
We know Mrs. Tidy is someone
who likes clean algae beds.
Right, and, uh, red algae.
Oh, and orange fish
who swim like that.
Uh... uh.
You're right!
We do know what
we're looking for.
Yeah, and after all,
don't they always say
there's plenty of fish
in the sea?
- [laughter]
- Yeah!
Oh, kids, that is so
nice of you to want to help,
but not just any fish
can be Mrs. Tidy.
Hey, I have an idea.
I know just where
to find Mrs. Tidy.
Well, uh, okay.
[Bubbles chuckles]
Okay, Bubbles,
what's your great idea?
Someone who understands
hard work like Tidy.
- Mm-hmm.
- Good. That's important.
And-- oh, and this
is a big one-
someone who understands cleaning
as much as Tidy.
- [laughs] Yeah.
- And who would that be?
Ta-da!
Huh?
[gulps] Hey, kids!
[laughs]
[Dunk] Chompy!
Chompy?
I never thought of that.
[Bubbles] Well, sure.
What does Chompy do all day?
Uh, chomp coral?
Wait a minute.
I think I see it.
She's not just chomping it,
she's cleaning it.
Wow, you're right!
Yeah. Chompy is cleaning
the algae off the coral.
Plus that whole cool thing
where she makes sand.
[all] Uh...
Okay, maybe we won't
talk about that.
[chuckling]
But what we should do
is make sure Tidy
meets Chompy.
Um, so will you come to
the kelp forest with us, Chompy?
Kelp forest?
Oh, I've never been.
Sure, I'll go.
Is there coral there?
I don't think so.
Hmm. Well,
I better pack a picnic, then.
It's always good to be prepared.
[laughs]
Wow, she sounds
like Tidy already.
[both laughing]
Well, you certainly
are the most colorful
parrotfish I've ever seen.
And you're the first garibaldi
I've ever met.
Oh, this is going good.
Yeah, it's going great!
I knew it.
Well, uh, so, uh,
do you like red algae?
Oh, uh...
I don't know.
Does it taste the same
as green?
- Uh...
- Oh, that's okay.
I brought my own snack anyway.
I put it over here.
[munching]
Uh, what, uh--
what is that? [chuckling]
Oh, it's coral.
Do you want some?
Oh, no, no, no, no, no.
I'm good.
[munching, gulps]
Oh, is something wrong, Tidy?
Hm?
Oh, no, not at all.
Uh, are you, uh, almost done,
um, chewing that coral to bits?
Oh, sure!
One last bite.
Oh, good. [laughs]
[chomping]
Ah, oh boy.
Ah, yeah--
[shrieks]
[stammering]
What is that?
Oh, oh, that's how
I make the sand.
It's what I do.
Wait, y-you do that?
Uh, d-do you mean
there's gonna be more sand
- like that around here?
- Oh, of course.
Parrotfish make most of the sand
in the whole ocean.
Ah, well, that is
a wonderful skill, Chompy,
and-- and I do appreciate it,
but, uh--
Actually...
[both] I'm afraid we might not
be a good match.
Oh!
[both laughing]
Well, it was great
meeting you, Tidy.
Oh, you too, Chompy.
Well, come back
and visit anytime.
Oh, will do. [laughing]
Oh! [chomping]
[mouth full] Hope you find
your Mrs. Tidy!
Oh! Thank you!
[laughs]
[sighs sadly]
Well, what's next?
Yeah, I don't know.
[sighs]
Well, you guys,
it's not like we didn't try.
Yep, we tried.
Tidy said to wait
and have faith.
Yep, maybe that's
all we can do.
Yeah.
[sighs] Well...
- You're so beautiful.
- Oh, Tidy.
Hey!
Do you see what I see?
It's just so neat
around here.
Every little speck is--
Oh, I'm so glad
you appreciate it.
- I've been working very hard.
- Sure, I do.
Who's that?
Are there two Tidys?
Or is that one...
Mrs. Tidy?
How did she get here?
Wha-- how did he find her?
Oh, heya, kids.
I'd like you to meet...
Mrs. Tidy.
Oh, you must be Splash.
And you're Bubbles.
And this must be
Dunk and Ripple.
- Hi!
My name's Neat.
It's because I just
love to clean.
[both laughing]
Neat and Tidy?
Sounds great together!
How did you two
find each other?
I was just swimming by
looking for the cleanest
algae bed around
when I saw this one here
making all these mo-o-ves,
and it just led me right
to this kelp forest.
Yeah, and as soon
as she got here,
she started cleaning
right along beside me.
[both laughing]
She loves to clean?
She likes red algae!
Now this is the perfect match.
Oh, it finally happened.
I've been waiting
for Neat all my life.
Oh, and I finally
found my Mr. Tidy.
[both laughing]
Ah, we owe you kids
a big thanks.
You showed me that the right
fish was worth waiting for.
Ohh, Tidy.
Ohh. [giggling]
Aww, we're so glad.
We'll come back
to visit again soon.
Oh, please do.
Oh, and can you take
that pebble with you?
Wouldn't want to leave
a mess.
[laughter]
Yep, they're perfect
together.
[chuckles] No problem.
- Thank yo-u-u!
Oh, you say it
just like me, Tidy.
I know.
You say it just like me.
Say it again.
Thank yo-u-u!
[all chattering]
[upbeat music]
♪ Da da, da da ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Oooh ♪
♪ Da da, da da ♪
♪ Ooh ooh, ooh ooh ♪
♪ Da da da da da ♪